2002 wage gains of average employee 1.9 - 2.7 % from previous year.


US Federal Budget
For 2001, $127B surplus - 4th consecutive surplus
2002 deficit estimated at $200B

BC NDP gov't
	1991 Inherited 3B deficit from Socreds/BC Liberals
	Gradually reduced deficit to 1998 surplus, surplus increasing in following years
	2002
		1.5 B surplus left by NDP, turned to 4.4 B deficit in one year by Liberals

	
	From NDP vs Green thread

[QUOTE]Originally posted by Klingon:
[QB]
The NDP's "true priority" is to democratize the economy, expand liberty and move as much as possible to a sustainable healthy society. This inevitably includes protecting the environment and retuning our economy to be more in tune with ecological forces.

It's not a means to an end. It's as integral to our philosophy as breathing. Now, there are huge differences within the party as what to do and what's acceptable. But environmental conserns are universal.

The fact that the GPers here seem to support the RAV debacle shows a shocking lack of respect for democracy and the public interest—and in league with the Liberals again.

The RAV line was yet another corrupt effort by the BC Liberal regime to suck more tax dollars out of the public domain and put it in a corporate elite's pocket--namely Bombardier.

The "official" $1.5 billion price tag (which was never actually finalized) was over a billion dollars less than what Bombardier's own estimates said. 

Add to this, the firm was going to have a guaranteed profit margin, since if the ridership did not reach profit levels, the government would just cut them a check for the difference.

Previous experience with these types of scams have shown that it costs the public far more than a straight-forward common sense publicly built and operated system.

Further, the RAV line was proposed as simply a knee-jerk perk for the 2010 Winter Olympics, not as part of a comprehensive sustainable public transit plan that would get people out of their cars and on transit.

In fact, there was never a plan to actually motivate people to stop using their cars. It was an irresponsible "build it and hope for the best" approach by corporate economic imbeciles who couldn't manage a straw if it was bent, let alone manage the economy.

It's no different than this government's hair-brained sceme to build a six-lane freeway that starts in West Vancouver and dead-ends in the small twon of Whistler (the Olympic site). Why? No transportation plan.

The Liberals couldn’t care less about the environment, and, obviously, neither does the GP.[/QB][/QUOTE]


