Climate Change:

	I'm not as well informed as the other posters and I don't have time right now to do my reading so I could responsibly contribute but I will say this mostly from my own experience:

We're always told not to worry about climate change and that the threat is exagerated, but here in Toronto, it hardly snows in the winter anymore.  I'm 41 and I remember that when I was a kid I had to shovel the snow off my parent's walk pretty often - maybe once a week or two in January and February, and often there was a lot of it.  Nowadays, many people don't even own snow shovels.  

Here in Ontario we have a huge network of lakes that are the foundation of our tourist industry and are where we go to find a little peace of mind in the summer.  However, the water levels in these lakes have been in decline for maybe ten or fifteen years.  You can see this because people have to lower the heights of their docks and inland wells have to be dug deeper.

From prairies provinces, every year for about ten years now you hear the same thing: not enough rain.  I really don't know how they grow much of anything, and as you all know, since this is where we grow our food and crops nead rain I really wonder what will happend to our food supply.

People like the guy who posted earlier whose dry cleaning company says it can't afford to comply with Koyoto made business decisions at some point to buy cheaper equipment instead of getting what the Europeans use.  They thought this would save them money and that no one would ask them to make accounts for the collateral costs of these techologies.  If these companies had to pay to the real costs polluting technologies, instead of dumping them on to us, you better believe they'd start to consider cleaning up their acts.

If you want evidence of how this works, just look at how the car industry in the 60's and 70's said that making cars pollute less would be technologically impossible or too expensive.  They dragged this story on for years.  When the Japanese came out with these 'impossible' cars in the late 70's at low prices and when California legislated emission levels, the industry stopped making excuses, learned to innovate and just did it.

Where else in life do we ask people who are acting harmfully in the pursuit of self-interest and when they say they can't afford not to, say, ok, we'll happilly just keep suffering so you can keep your profits?
	
