Boot from your setup CD. choose Repair and then Recovery Console.
Here are the instructions:

FIXMBR:
Writes a new master boot record to a hard drive. The fixmbr command is only
available when you are using the Windows 2000 Recovery Console, which can be
started from the Windows 2000 Setup program.

fixmbr [device_name]

Parameter

device_name

The device (drive) on which you want to write a new master boot record. The
name can be obtained from the output of the map command. An example of a
device name is:

\Device\HardDisk0.

Example

The following example writes a new master boot record to the device
specified:

fixmbr \Device\HardDisk0

Notes:

  a.. If you do not specify a device_name, a new master boot record will be
written to the boot device, which is the drive on which your primary system
is loaded.
  b.. If an invalid or nonstandard partition table signature is detected,
you will be prompted whether you want to continue. If you are not having
problems accessing your drives, you should not continue. Writing a new
master boot record to your system partition could damage your partition
tables and cause your partitions to become inaccessible.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------

FIXBOOT:

Writes a new partition boot sector to the system partition. The fixboot
command is only available when you are using the Windows 2000 Recovery
Console, which can be started from the Windows 2000 Setup program.

fixboot [drive]

Parameter

drive

The drive to which a boot sector will be written. This replaces the default
drive, which is the system partition you are logged on to. An example of a
drive is:

D:

Example

The following example writes a new partition boot sector to the system
partition in drive D:

fixboot d:

Note:

Using the fixboot command without any parameters will write a new partition
boot sector to the system partition you are logged on to.


