
Cook main course ahead so can make extras at meal time.

Bean Paste Spread
	Pinto bean paste
	tomato paste
	garlic
	olives 

	serve on bread with cooked, chopped greens

Yams & Ginger & Chickpeas
mix with ginger and Pateks 
steam & add yams

Potatoes, mung bean sprouts, chickpeas
Lots of garlic & olive oil
Mixin above
Parsley?

Pumkin or summer squash
	canned pumpkin if you’re looking for something not sweet: saute a
	little onion and garlic in olive oil, add chile powder and saute very
	briefly, then add the canned pumpkin and heat through.

	The chile powder can be plain dried ground red peppers (New Mexico, ancho,
	bird, cayenne, paprika, etc.) or a mixture


Cinnnamon + 
- tomato sause
- beets


Vegetarian Slow-Cooker Beans

1 pound navy or Great Northern beans
Nonstick cooking spray
1 large onion, sliced
1/3 cup packed light-brown sugar
1/4 cup molasses
1/4 cup tomato paste
1 tablespoon miso (see note)
1 tablespoon dry mustard
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 to 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 pinch ground cloves
2 tablespoons butter, margarine, peanut butter or tahini, optional
About 4 cups boiling water or vegetable stock
2 to 4 ounces firm tofu, cut into large dice

Rinse beans; discard any debris or dark beans. Coat inside of slow
cooker with cooking spray. Place onion slices over the bottom. Place
beans on the onions.

Whisk together sugar, molasses, tomato paste, miso, mustard, salt,
pepper, cloves, butter and boiling water. Pour over the beans. Cover
slow cooker; turn setting to high. Cook 7 hours, adding more boiling
water or vegetable stock after about 4 hours if needed.

Stir tofu into beans, pushing pieces down to resemble salt pork.
Cover and cook 1 hour.

PER SERVING (based on 6 servings): 374 calories; 2g fat (5 percent
calories from fat); 0.5g saturated fat; no cholesterol; 19g protein;
73g carbohydrate; 26g sugar; 20g fiber; 611mg sodium; 177mg calcium;
1268mg potassium.

Served over rice with yams & peas with a bit of curry paste



