How Computers Boot their OSs:

On power-on, the CPU takes control.  It executes instructions built into ROM BIOS, a program that controls start up procedures.  The last part of the BIOS instructions is the boot routine.  It tries to start an operating system by reading the master boot record (MBR) from the first sector of the first physical hard disk.

[Clarification:
BIOS settings permitting, the MBR can be loaded from the first two detected
hard disks of any controller card containing a BIOS extension. Thus the MBR can be loaded from one of the first two detected IDE disks and one of the first two detected SCSI disks. ]

The MBR contains a master boot program and a partition talbe that describes the disk partitions.  The BIOS boot routine reads the master boot program into memory and relinquishes control to it.  When the master boot program gets control, it looks at the partition table to see which primary partition is active.  

[Clarification:
A 512 byte MBR is too small to contain a program big enough to load a complex operating system. Thus most boot loaders have two stages, the first stage is located in the MBR and is only able to load the second stage of the boot loader from somewhere on a disk (such as the boot sector of the first partition). The second stage of the boot loader presents the user interface and loads the operating system. ]

If the hard disk has more than one primary partition, each bootable primary partition will have its own boot record in the first sector of the partition.  This boot record holds a boot program designed specifically to start the operating system installed on that partition.  (The OS specific boot recrod is written to the partition either when the partition is logically formatted, or later, with an OS specific utility such as the DOS SYS utility).

The master boot program starts the boot program for the active partition.  Finally, the boot program for the active partition loads the files for the operating system installed on that partition.

Boot Loaders as 'Master Boot Program's
    advantages:
        *   multiple OS's can be loaded
        *   parameters can be passed to kerenl
        

        
