
Setups
    on a bootable CD
        leaf.sourceforge.net - runs in 16-32 M Ram off CD or floppies.
    on harddisk
        to reduce noise, might be possible to make disk access virtual 
        by running proxies, etc in a chroot jail in RAM disk.

Hardware
    Compact Flash card with IDE adapter - looks like a hd so could boot from 
    it.  Could run Bering Leaf firewall too.

Utils
	Firestarter
		End User firewall like ZoneAlarm

VPNs
    do IP encrypting vs. SSH or SSL which do TCP tunnelling, require 
    preconfiguration, and aren't as universal/low-level and so can't 
    do some services (FTP is hard to tunnel).
    
    SSH/SSL can tunnel IP via PPP but this is slow

    CIPE - Crypo IP Encapsulation
        www.pycs.net/
        - not standardized but better performance than IPsec because 
        lightweight, probably good on a Pentium 1.
        - for building encrypting IP routers on win, Linux, like IPsec
        VPN.
        - funny Python article www.pycs.net/lateral/stories/5.html

    FreeSwan
        backported Debian woody packages at:
            people.debian.org/~nobse/deprecated/backported/freeswan

	 tinc - Virtual Private Network daemon
		tinc is a daemon with which you can create a virtual private network
		(VPN). One daemon can handle multiple connections, so you can create an
		entire (moderately sized) VPN with only one daemon per participating
		computer.	
	
	vtun
		 vtun - Virtual Tunnel over TCP/IP Networks
		 VTun is the easiest way to create Virtual Tunnels over TCP/IP networks with traffic shaping and compression.

		 It supports IP, PPP, SLIP, Ethernet and other tunnel types.

		 VTun is easily and highly configurable, it can be used for various network tasks.

		 VTun requires the Universal TUN/TAP kernel module which can be found
		 at http://vtun.sourceforge.net/tun/index.html or in the 2.4 series
		 linux kernel.

	tunnelv
		 tunnelv - Encrypted network connection within a TCP/IP connection
		 Tunnel Vision creates a "virtual" TCP/IP network (VPN) between two
		 Tunnel Vision-capable sites on the internet. It uses the strongest
		 encryption that's actually useful (1024-bit RSA and 128-bit Blowfish)
		 to protect your data along the way. This connection between two TV
		 servers is called a "tunnel."

		 Tunnel Vision is usually used on a router or gateway machine. When
		 someone on your network wants to send data to someone on the other
		 side of the tunnel, it sends through the default gateway (the TV
		 server) like it normally would. You configure the TV server to send
		 data through the tunnel instead of just forwarding it onto the
		 internet.

		 Tunnel Vision requires Linux 2.1.122 or higher with the ethertap and
		 netlink devices.

